Give McCall and Selah your best love
You are a child of God.
Am I instilling a white hot faith in myself and my family?
Be a stoic and calm presence, but also thoughtful and intentional.
What you think about shapes who you are.
Think highly of others; of their redeeming qualities.
What is your purpose? How are you living for that purpose today?
What is God saying to you? What are you doing about it?
What short term plan do you have to be a better person?
Practice the art of faithfulness even when it doesn't come naturally, knowing that God is using our training to cultivate spiritual fruit.
There is a massive difference between someone who does what's right immediately and someone who needs to be asked.
Boldness is often required. Be ready.
2 Tim 1:7: For God has not given us a spirit of fear and timidity, but of power, love, and self-discipline. 
1 Cor. 15:58: Therefore, my beloved brothers, be steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that in the Lord your labor is not in vain. 
Rom 12:2: Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will be able to test and approve what God’s will is—his good, pleasing and perfect will.
Phil 4:6: Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God.
Matt 28:19: Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.
Gal 5:22: But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness,
Acts 18:9: One night the Lord spoke to Paul in a vision: “Do not be afraid; keep on speaking, do not be silent.
Gal 2:20: I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me. The life I live in the body, I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me.
Phil 4:8: Finally, brothers, whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable—if anything is excellent or praiseworthy—think about such things.
Josh 1:9: Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Do not be terrified; do not be discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go.”
1 Pet 3:15: But in your hearts set apart Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect,
Heb 12:2: Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, the author and perfecter of our faith, who for the joy set before him endured the cross, scorning its shame, and sat down at the right hand of the throne of God.
1 Pet 2:24: He himself bore our sins in his body on the tree, so that we might die to sins and live for righteousness; by his wounds you have been healed.
"God doesn't call us to be comfortable." Francis Chan
"Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." Francis Chan
"My biggest fear, even now, is that I will hear Jesus' words and walk away, content to settle for less than radical obedience to Him." David Platt
